ready for this
quiet resolve gets away first with
anticipation with his typical early
speed timber Ola right there with
leaders so they moved buyers for the
first time making that long run into the
clubhouse turn here at Belmont with
anticipation to shortly but there's five
resolve to keep him company
Tim burrows right up on the pace at muta
Mon he'll be caught wide going into the
clubhouse turn and fantastic light gets
a coveted spot early drafting in behind
horses he's fifth and saving ground of
the inside half is not far behind him
he's running in sixth longshot blood
chill seventh tore the inside slew the
red jostle the bot between horses is
safe then it's Milan running in ninth
followed by blazing theory and trevone
trails the field with anticipation
prompted by timber OA through a quarter
that went in 24 and 250 seconds with the
wind at their backs and now they make
that Bend into the backstretch run and
they're into the wind now with
anticipation timber all whirring one two
on the outside muta mom is moving early
whoops up to be third for seven furlongs
to go quiet resolve is continuing to run
up and down the pace fantastic life is
enjoying a dream journey so far fifth
and and behind the pellets of
frontrunner HAP and Jerry Bailey are
glued to him then it's slow the Red
Lodge hill toward the inside Milan still
lingering at the back of the package
about seven links from the lead blazing
fury and char one at the back they've
run three quarters in 112 and one timber
roma is now in front with four furlongs
to go here Jim burrow is the leader wide
resolve right there running in second
moved to mom on the outside with
anticipation and fantastic lights begin
in a pick it up now and there he goes he
shoots to him between horses and he's
got timber to catch he's got to make
lead fantastic like stalking and
tempting running in second here comes
inside
blazing fury was for well there he is
fantastic light another victory for the
Gunawan stable and la franca the Torre a
perfect trip today to win the Breeders
Cup turf the final time 124 and Juan